ori:
ContentsCraig took over the club in as chairman in 1990, taking over from Michael Sinclair, a former businessman who is now a local priest. He enjoyed success under the guidance of manager John Ward and, later, Alan Little, York enjoyed their best period in recent years. The club won promotion to what was then the English Second Division (now League One) in 1994 before making headlines with its giant-killing cup exploits, beating Manchester United over two legs in the League Cup. The cup glory continued the following year. Craig earned national notoriety in 1994 by becoming the only chairman to refuse to sign up to the "Let's Kick Racism Out of Football" campaign.The following years under Craig were bleak for York, with relegation to Division Three and managers coming and going.In July 1999, Craig wrote to all York City's shareholders, asking them to approve a plan to transfer the club, and Bootham Crescent, to a new company, Bootham Crescent Holdings (BCH). Craig pointed out that he and his three fellow directors, John Quickfall, Colin Webb and the former playing hero Barry Swallow, owned 94 per cent of the shares and had already approved the plan. This sent York into serious financial turmoil, and the club went into administration shortly after Craig had sold it, minus all fixed assets, to John Batchelor for a fee rumoured to be £50.York City was later rescued by a trust, which had been set up by the club's supporters. Craig sold the ground back to the Supporter's Trust, but for a figure that was many times larger than the reputed £50,000 that he reputedly paid for the club, many years earlier. 

porter:
contentscraig took over the club in as chairman in 1990, take over from michael sinclair, a former businessman who is now a local priest. he enjoi success under the guidanc of manag john ward and, later, alan littl, york enjoi their best period in recent year. the club won promot to what wa then the english second divis (now leagu on) in 1994 befor make headlin with it giant-kill cup exploit, beat manchest unit over two leg in the leagu cup. the cup glori continu the follow year. craig earn nation notorieti in 1994 by becom the onli chairman to refus to sign up to the "let's kick racism out of footbal" campaign.the follow year under craig were bleak for york, with releg to divis three and manag come and go.in juli 1999, craig wrote to all york citi's sharehold, ask them to approv a plan to transfer the club, and bootham crescent, to a new compani, bootham crescent hold (bch). craig point out that he and hi three fellow director, john quickfal, colin webb and the former plai hero barri swallow, own 94 per cent of the share and had alreadi approv the plan. thi sent york into seriou financi turmoil, and the club went into administr shortli after craig had sold it, minu all fix asset, to john batchelor for a fee rumour to be £50.york citi wa later rescu by a trust, which had been set up by the club's support. craig sold the ground back to the support's trust, but for a figur that wa mani time larger than the reput £50,000 that he reputedli paid for the club, mani year earlier. 

krov:
contentscraig took over the club in as chairman in 1990, taking over from michael sinclair, a former businessman who is now a local priest. he enjoyed success under the guidance of manager john ward and, later, alan little, york enjoyed their best period in recent years. the club won promotion to what was then the english second division (now league one) in 1994 before making headlines with its giant-killing cup exploits, beating manchester united over two legs in the league cup. the cup glory continued the following year. craig earned national notoriety in 1994 by becoming the only chairman to refuse to sign up to the "let's kick racism out of football" campaign.the following years under craig were bleak for york, with relegation to division three and managers coming and going.in july 1999, craig wrote to all york city's shareholders, asking them to approve a plan to transfer the club, and bootham crescent, to a new company, bootham crescent holdings (bch). craig pointed out that he and his three fellow directors, john quickfall, colin webb and the former playing hero barry swallow, owned 94 per cent of the shares and had already approved the plan. this sent york into serious financial turmoil, and the club went into administration shortly after craig had sold it, minus all fixed assets, to john batchelor for a fee rumoured to be £50.york city was later rescued by a trust, which had been set up by the club's supporters. craig sold the ground back to the supporter's trust, but for a figure that was many times larger than the reputed £50,000 that he reputedly paid for the club, many years earlier. 
