ori:
In 2001, the town of Driemond had 1422 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 0.2 km², and contained 571 residences.[1] The statistical district "Driemond", which covers the village and the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1500.[2]Before 1966 Driemond was part of the municipality of Weesperkarspel and named "Geinbrug". The name "Driemond" means "Threemouth" and comes from the three small rivers Gein, Gaasp and Smal Weesp (part of the Vecht) that meet each other in the village. The name Driemond was also the name of a country estate ("buitenplaats") that once stood near the village, but except for the fountain that can be admired in Frankendael in the Watergraafsmeer in Amsterdam, nothing remains of this building.The village contains two primary schools, kindergarten, a small post office and supermarket, a butchershop and a football club called SV Geinburgia. 

porter:
in 2001, the town of driemond had 1422 inhabit. the built-up area of the town wa 0.2 km², and contain 571 resid.[1] the statist district "driemond", which cover the villag and the surround countrysid, ha a popul of around 1500.[2]befor 1966 driemond wa part of the municip of weesperkarspel and name "geinbrug". the name "driemond" mean "threemouth" and come from the three small river gein, gaasp and smal weesp (part of the vecht) that meet each other in the villag. the name driemond wa also the name of a countri estat ("buitenplaat") that onc stood near the villag, but except for the fountain that can be admir in frankendael in the watergraafsm in amsterdam, noth remain of thi build.the villag contain two primari school, kindergarten, a small post offic and supermarket, a butchershop and a footbal club call sv geinburgia. 

krov:
in 2001, the town of driemond had 1422 inhabitants. the built-up area of the town was 0.2 km², and contained 571 residences.[1] the statistical district "driemond", which covers the village and the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1500.[2]before 1966 driemond was part of the municipality of weesperkarspel and named "geinbrug". the name "driemond" means "threemouth" and comes from the three small rivers gein, gaasp and smal weesp (part of the vecht) that meet each other in the village. the name driemond was also the name of a country estate ("buitenplaats") that once stood near the village, but except for the fountain that can be admired in frankendael in the watergraafsmeer in amsterdam, nothing remains of this building.the village contains two primary schools, kindergarten, a small post office and supermarket, a butchershop and a football club called sv geinburgia. 