ori:
Divining rodFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaA divining rod (also known as dowsing rod) is an apparatus used in dowsing. There are many types of divining rods:two brass "L" shaped wire rods (commonly made of brazing or welding rod, but glass or plastic have also been accepted) that are to be held one in each hand. When something is found, they cross over one another making an "X" over the found object. If the object is long and straight, such as a water pipe, the wires will point in opposite directions, showing the direction the object is pointing. Brass is commonly used.A forked (or "Y" shaped) branch of a tree or bush. The two ends on the forked side are to be held one in each hand with the third pointing straight ahead. Often the branches are grasped palms down. The pointing end turns up or down when water is found. This method is sometimes known as 'Willow Witching'. Hazel or willow branches were commonly used; these were called virgula divina. [1]Divining rods are used in dowsing, a type of divination that claims to be able to find ground water, oil, and other mineral resources by non-scientific means. Expert dowsers are allegedly capable of dowsing exact depth measurements of water veins, electromagnetism, currents and telluric phenomena. They are also allegedly capable of measuring blood toxicity, white cells, and sugar levels, and detecting human illness and health. Expert dowsers are allegedly not limited to any specific time and space, claiming the ability to dowse any material at any given time from any location.Virgula divina, or Baculus divinatorius, was a form of divining rod created from the forked branch of a hazel tree, used in the discovery of underground mines, springs, etc. The claimed method of using this Y-shaped branch involved the following: the user walks very slowly over the places where he suspects mines or springs may be; effluvia would then exhale from the metals or the water, impregnating the branch's wood, making it dip or incline. Such motion was supposed to indicate a discovery.Many experiments alleged on its behalf, authors searched for the natural cause. The corpuscles, they said, rising from springs or minerals, entering the rod, force it to bow down, in order to render it parallel to the vertical lines that the effluvia created as they rose. In effect, the mineral or water particles were supposed to be emitted by means of subterraneous heat, or of the fermentations in the interior thereof. The virgula, being of a light, porous wood, gave an easy passage to those particles. The effluvia, driven forwards by those that follow them, and driven backwards by the atmosphere incumbent on them, are forced to enter the tiny regions between the fibres of the wood, and by that effort oblige it to incline, or dip down perpendicularly, to become parallel with the little columns which those vapors form in their rise. 

porter:
divin rodfrom wikipedia, the free encyclopediaa divin rod (also known as dows rod) is an apparatu us in dows. there ar mani type of divin rod:two brass "l" shape wire rod (commonli made of braze or weld rod, but glass or plastic have also been accept) that ar to be held on in each hand. when someth is found, thei cross over on anoth make an "x" over the found object. if the object is long and straight, such as a water pipe, the wire will point in opposit direct, show the direct the object is point. brass is commonli us.a fork (or "y" shape) branch of a tree or bush. the two end on the fork side ar to be held on in each hand with the third point straight ahead. often the branch ar grasp palm down. the point end turn up or down when water is found. thi method is sometim known as 'willow witch'. hazel or willow branch were commonli us; these were call virgula divina. [1]divin rod ar us in dows, a type of divin that claim to be abl to find ground water, oil, and other miner resourc by non-scientif mean. expert dowser ar allegedli capabl of dows exact depth measur of water vein, electromagnet, current and tellur phenomena. thei ar also allegedli capabl of measur blood toxic, white cell, and sugar level, and detect human ill and health. expert dowser ar allegedli not limit to ani specif time and space, claim the abil to dows ani materi at ani given time from ani locat.virgula divina, or baculu divinatoriu, wa a form of divin rod creat from the fork branch of a hazel tree, us in the discoveri of underground mine, spring, etc. the claim method of us thi y-shape branch involv the follow: the user walk veri slowli over the place where he suspect mine or spring mai be; effluvia would then exhal from the metal or the water, impregn the branch's wood, make it dip or inclin. such motion wa suppos to indic a discoveri.mani experi alleg on it behalf, author search for the natur caus. the corpuscl, thei said, rise from spring or miner, enter the rod, forc it to bow down, in order to render it parallel to the vertic line that the effluvia creat as thei rose. in effect, the miner or water particl were suppos to be emit by mean of subterran heat, or of the ferment in the interior thereof. the virgula, be of a light, porou wood, gave an easi passag to those particl. the effluvia, driven forward by those that follow them, and driven backward by the atmospher incumb on them, ar forc to enter the tini region between the fibr of the wood, and by that effort oblig it to inclin, or dip down perpendicularli, to becom parallel with the littl column which those vapor form in their rise. 

krov:
divining rodfrom wikipedia, the free encyclopediaa divining rod (also known as dowsing rod) is an apparatus used in dowsing. there are many types of divining rods:two brass "l" shaped wire rods (commonly made of brazing or welding rod, but glass or plastic have also been accepted) that are to be held one in each hand. when something is found, they cross over one another making an "x" over the found object. if the object is long and straight, such as a water pipe, the wires will point in opposite directions, showing the direction the object is pointing. brass is commonly used.a forked (or "y" shaped) branch of a tree or bush. the two ends on the forked side are to be held one in each hand with the third pointing straight ahead. often the branches are grasped palms down. the pointing end turns up or down when water is found. this method is sometimes known as 'willow witching'. hazel or willow branches were commonly used; these were called virgula divina. [1]divining rods are used in dowsing, a type of divination that claims to be able to find ground water, oil, and other mineral resources by non-scientific means. expert dowsers are allegedly capable of dowsing exact depth measurements of water veins, electromagnetism, currents and telluric phenomena. they are also allegedly capable of measuring blood toxicity, white cells, and sugar levels, and detecting human illness and health. expert dowsers are allegedly not limited to any specific time and space, claiming the ability to dowse any material at any given time from any location.virgula divina, or baculus divinatorius, was a form of divining rod created from the forked branch of a hazel tree, used in the discovery of underground mines, springs, etc. the claimed method of using this y-shaped branch involved the following: the user walks very slowly over the places where he suspects mines or springs may be; effluvia would then exhale from the metals or the water, impregnating the branch's wood, making it dip or incline. such motion was supposed to indicate a discovery.many experiments alleged on its behalf, authors searched for the natural cause. the corpuscles, they said, rising from springs or minerals, entering the rod, force it to bow down, in order to render it parallel to the vertical lines that the effluvia created as they rose. in effect, the mineral or water particles were supposed to be emitted by means of subterraneous heat, or of the fermentations in the interior thereof. the virgula, being of a light, porous wood, gave an easy passage to those particles. the effluvia, driven forwards by those that follow them, and driven backwards by the atmosphere incumbent on them, are forced to enter the tiny regions between the fibres of the wood, and by that effort oblige it to incline, or dip down perpendicularly, to become parallel with the little columns which those vapors form in their rise. 
